h1. Jessica v1.0.0 Roadmap

h2. Routes

* Conditions
** *Currently Unsupported*
* Return Values
** @Response@
** @int@
** @string@
** @Action<Stream>@
* Custom Route Matchers
** *Currently Unsupported*

h2. Static Files

Supported by ASP.NET

h2. Views/Templates

* Liquid
** @Jessica.ViewEngine.DotLiquid@
* Spark
** @Jessica.ViewEngine.Spark@ - Currently Outdated
* Razor
** @Jessica.ViewEngine.Razor@ - Currently In Progress
* Markdown
** @Jessica.ViewEngine.Markdown@
* Textile
** @Jessica.ViewEngine.Textile@

h2. Filters

* Before
** Supported
* After
** Supported
* Pattern based filters
** *Currently Unsupported*

h2. Helpers

* Using Sessions
** Supported by ASP.NET
* Halting
** Supported by ASP.NET
* Passing
** *Currently Unsupported*
* Triggering Another Route
** *Currently Unsupported*
* Setting Body, Status Code and Headers
** Return new @Response@
* Mime Types
** Return new @Response@
* Generating URLs
** *Currently Unsupported*
* Browser Redirect
** Return new @RedirectResponse@
* Cache Control
** Supported by ASP.NET
* Sending Files
** Return new @StaticFileResponse@
* Accessing the Request Object
** HttpContext property on the dynamic parameter
* Attachments
** Return new @FileResponse@
* Looking Up Template Files
** *Currently Unsupported*

h2. Configuration

* Available Settings
** Environment
** Views directory
** Public directory

h2. Error Handling

* Not Found
** *Currently Unsupported*
* Error
** *Currently Unsupported*

h2. Rack Middleware

N/A

h2. Testing

N/A

h2. Sinatra::Base - Middleware, Libraries, and Modular Apps

N/A

h2. Scopes and Binding

N/A

h2. Command Line

N/A

h2. Requirements

N/A

h2. The Bleeding Edge

N/A

h2. Further Reading

N/A
